Chicken Saltimbocca

Ingredients
Four 6-ounce skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, butterflied and lightly pounded Salt and freshly ground pepper 8 large sage leaves 4 thin slices prosciutto di Parma All-purpose flour, for dusting 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons dry white wine 1 cup chicken stock or low-sodium broth

How to Make It
Step 1    
Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Place 2 sage leaves on each breast. Top with a slice of prosciutto, trimming it to fit. Press the prosciutto to help it adhere to the chicken. Dust the chicken with flour, shaking off the excess.

Step 2    
Heat a large skillet. Add the oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter. Add 2 of the breasts, prosciutto side up, and cook over high heat until nearly cooked through, about 3 minutes. Turn the chicken and cook just until the prosciutto begins to shrink, about 1 minute. Transfer the chicken to a plate; repeat with the remaining chicken. Pour off any fat and wipe out the skillet.

Step 3    
Add the remaining butter to the skillet. Add the wine and cook over high heat until reduced by half, 2 minutes. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half, 3 minutes.

Step 4    
Return the chicken to the skillet, prosciutto side up, and simmer over moderate heat until the chicken is cooked through, about 2 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Transfer the chicken to plates, pour the sauce on top and serve.

Greek Grilled Chicken
NGREDIENTS Nutrition
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 garlic clove, crushed in garlic press
1⁄2 teaspoon dried oregano
4 (1 1/2 lb) boneless skinless chicken breast halves
DIRECTIONS
Combine lemon juice, olive oil, parsley, garlic, and oregano in large plastic food storage bag.
Pierce chicken with fork several times and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Add to bag and coat with dressing, marinate 20 minutes.
Remove chicken from bag.
Grill or broil 6 minutes per side.
Or, cook in a grill pan over medium-high heat, 5 to 6 minutes per side, or until cooked through.



Skillet Chicken Thighs with Spring Vegetables and Shallot Vinaigrette
Ingredients
1 tablespoon olive oil 4 (6-oz.) bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs 1/2 teaspoon table salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper 1 cup baby Yukon Gold potatoes, halved (about 3/4 lb.) 1 1/2 cups fresh asparagus, cut in 1-in. pieces 1/4 cup fresh or frozen green peas Chopped fresh tarragon

SHALLOT VINAIGRETTE
1 tablespoon olive oil 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar 1 tablespoon minced shallot 1 teaspoon course Dijon mustard 1/4 teaspoon table salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper


How to Make it
Step 1
Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat olive oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high. Sprinkle chicken thighs with salt and pepper. Place thighs, skin side down, in hot oil, and cook until skin is golden brown, about 10 minutes. Flip thighs, and cook until other side is brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate.

Step 2
Add potatoes to skillet, and toss to coat in oil. Return chicken to skillet. Place skillet in preheated oven, and roast until potatoes are almost done, 12 to 15 minutes. Add asparagus and peas to skillet, tossing to coat. Continue roasting until a thermometer inserted in thickest portion of thighs registers 165°F and the vegetables are tender, 3 to 4 minutes more.

Step 3
Prepare the Shallot Vinaigrette: Whisk together oil, red wine vinegar, shallot, mustard, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Drizzle vinaigrette over chicken thighs and vegetables, and sprinkle with tarragon. Serve immediately.


Italian Saltimbocca

