Thin Dutch Pancakes

6 eggs
2 cups milk
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
butter
sugar brown

Beat eggs until frothy; add mike and salt.  Pour mixture into flour, slowly stirring constantly. IN a skillet, melt butter and our enough batter to coat the bottom of skillet. Cook until top is firm and glossy. Turn and cook on the other side.  Roll up pancake; cover with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar.  Serve hot.

 
Scrambled Eggs

4 eggs
2 tablespoons of cream
pinch of salt and pepper

In a medium bowl, whisk 4 eggs, 1 to 2 tablespoons cream or milk, salt, and freshly ground pepper until light and frothy. In a 10- or 12-inch nonstick skillet over low heat, melt ½ to 1 tablespoon butter until bubbly.
Pour egg mixture into center of pan. As egg starts to set, use a heatproof spatula to scrape cooked egg into the center. Repeat, scraping and folding, until no liquid remains and moist curds form. Transfer to a warm plate and adjust seasonings; serve immediately.


Broccoli Frittata
Ingredients
1 garlic clove, thinly sliced 2 tablespoons olive oil 3 1/2 cups broccoli florets 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper Salt Black Pepper 8 large eggs 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese (1 1/2 ounces)

Step 1    
Preheat the oven to 350°. In a 10-inch ovenproof nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook over moderately high heat for 30 seconds. Add the broccoli and crushed red pepper and cook for 1 minute. Stir in 2 tablespoons of water, season with salt and pepper and cover. Cook over moderate heat until the broccoli is crisp-tender, 2 minutes; let cool.

Step 2    
In a bowl, whisk the eggs with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and black pepper. Stir in the broccoli. Return the skillet to the stovetop and heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Pour in the eggs and cook over moderately low heat until set around the edge, 3 minutes. Sprinkle the frittata with the cheese. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake the frittata until the center is just set, about 12 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.